hey everybody welcome back northern
Lions The Binding of Isaac after birth
plus one day we're going to accidentally
select a lost and that will be a happy
day but for now got big job and I am
actually kind of like to lqq x PPK it's
not a bad seed in terms of in terms of
its alphanumeric composition this is
halitosis the answers halitosis gooses
halitosis medically bad breath
this is halitosis biologically bad
breath your whisper smells like death
but it's not your phone it's bacterial
infection they look there's there's
something there I can feel it I'm not
going to say down on my plums but I can
feel it either way this is me
this is halitosis is like a Saturday
night well maybe a madtv level skin I'm
not going to write the whole thing I
don't know if halitosis ISM is a
bacterial infection I was just I was
essentially spinning my wheels there
looking for something to rhyme and we
found something so I'm very happy about
that but now I'm talking in this voice
exclusively how does halitosis work for
us well I mean first off let's look at
our other stats right now it's not
necessarily 10 out of 10 speed is good
like first off great Michael Douglas
quote from the movie uh wall speed speed
is good speed is good though the 1995
film started starring Keanu Reeves and
Sandra Bullock that's a classic man so
many people go you know lo the bus that
couldn't slow down and that's fair it's
also it's good Simpsons joke
you know there could be two good things
that play off one another but speed
itself is an action classic you don't
like it you can just get out as far as
I'm concerned did we have unlocked in
Ted I don't believe so
I want to use our temperance card on the
next floor to get a doubled blood bank
if we get
- excuse me if we get an arcade on the
next floor we can make that happen
but we need money and we got nothing out
of that so now it's time to look for a
secret room and then we didn't get
anything there either so I guess we say
goodbye temperance we could use
temperance potentially to get a blood
bank on the next floor if we're able to
get enough red hearts to to finance us
playing it until we get the five cents
that's kind of like a weird you know
we're using our home as collateral to
get a second mortgage on our home it
doesn't really look I don't know if that
sound financial advice or financial
idiocy I honestly don't know the answer
to that question so we can just leave it
right there I chose the metaphors which
I'm not well-versed and as a result I'm
paying the cosmic price right now speed
is good rate of fire is average damage
is a little bit below average and luck
is negative so I would give this like a
5 hour speed being up there is nice
I'm sorry temperance cars just not in
the Temperance cards for us today to be
with one another so instead we're going
to use our stars card right off the bat
to hopefully get a little stacked and I
would suggest that that did not work but
it did save us a key one way or the
other
I hate it I actually am mad genuinely
I'm a little cheese is the second time
in like two weeks well in like a week
actually that that room has had an
impact on our success I don't know why
you're supposed to do when they start
exploding I tried to keep myself like
equidistant but maybe I was slightly in
one direction either way dude I was
feeling a lost run let's do a lost run
I'm not upset again in the end I I don't
say this to degrade the hobby of gaming
you know I'm too old to get emotionally
invested in the outcome of a game and
found myself doing it some extent like
been playing a little heroes with a
storm and the MOBA salt came back I saw
like the first stages of MOBA salt and I
was like he's this even fun anymore like
or is it like our MOBAs just and if you
like playing them this is not an insult
you know you're talking to somebody
who's got like 900 hours in DotA 2
and stays away for that reason but I saw
the first stages of dota salt coming
back and I said to myself I think this
is just like psychologically
manipulative like it's a fun game when
you're winning and when you're losing
you feel like you're like the worst
person on planet earth so I put a nip in
that bud which I don't think is that
expressions canonical way of being used
but I I'm just I got too many like real
things in my life to be like we lost due
to some BS and I'm mad about it you know
I'm not saying obviously like I'm not
saying oh you probably do play 37 do you
little baby like it's it's okay for
games to make you emotional but be super
invested in the outcome it's not
something to interest me that much at
this point in my life I want to play
well and I want to get better on a broad
level but mostly I want to provide
entertaining content
I am a little mad at that room though
because I don't think we deserve to die
but we did not just die because of the
because of that room we died because we
took damage against Stephen of all
enemies which is a little embarrassing
in and of itself
I digress so alright so we're a lost run
but law starts with basically
fundamentally exactly average stats
which is actually sort of nice I guess
to have a consistent level of stats
right now we could probably use one bomb
to get a lot of value I'd love to get
one more bomb for finishing the room we
got a key which is also pretty good but
you know I'm thinking like one bomb blow
these guys up we got seven cents back
for five cents and the full shop re-roll
tell you what is a weird purchase but it
works basically for two cents we don't
need keys to go to item rooms and shops
anymore we don't care about having an
arcade so I think I'm going to shoot for
the moon here we should tell you what
tell you what tell you what drop it
right here
I want small rock obviously that's the
only thing that matters there but it
didn't work out and that's a-ok I'm
going to look at that even loss as a
blessing because it allows us to maybe
go back to random runs for a while I
prefer that was real bad I prefer Eden
runs to random runs from being a hundred
percent with you but I like them both
it's like an eight versus an eight and a
half for me but even thing is just it's
more fun when you start the run because
anything could happen you know you could
be any combination of items and
characters and stats but I like mixing
them up that's just not an item we're
looking for but anyway down to the next
floor and feeling fine we didn't improve
ourselves but the lost value proposition
is all about I guess like a not losing
focus and then B because it could be up
and up in smoke in an instant right like
a not losing focus and B
your deals with the devil if you can get
good deals with the devil and especially
the earlier you can get them you can win
I don't think it's tough to win with the
loss anymore and I don't think I'm
surprising anybody by suggesting that I
think the loss might actually be in the
easier third of characters in the game
to win with or maybe the easier half
like it's probably easier to limit
Azazel probably easier to limit Isaac
and then after that I don't know I don't
think a loss comes third necessarily you
know maybe you got Cain maybe you got
Samson I think those are probably the
next ones Judas though I think it's
harder to win with you just than it is
to win with the loss there's just more
tolerance for for inconsistent errors as
as the lost 48-hour energy but anyway we
don't need to the first rule of eyes
because you don't discuss Isaac at least
not at this point so will we use a key
to go sorry a penny to go to our shop
that seems very sensible to me and Tarot
cloth is like an actual 9 out of 10 item
so many useful Tarot cloth enablers so I
think we've got a great chance of
winning this run or at least getting
things off on the right foot if we can
just not die against little horns which
should be more or less automatic at this
point but I don't know did you see me
fight little Steven recently I
admittedly that damage should have been
somewhat consequence-free it was just an
unfortunate series of events that kind
of put us in a tight spot but anyway I
digress
good a damage upgrade and then came
being conception is actually meaningless
and the Satanic Bible is actually
meaningless if Danny bottle is not fully
meaningless because we do get some we do
get closer to bookworm but it's one
third of almost being as good as 20/20
so I'm not even going to dignify that
with like a thank you for giving a
satanic Bible I am happy for precedent
that's about it so we will get Tarot
clock and that's that's reassuring cuz
that item can do a lot for us a Tarot
cloth algae's ruin and the world's your
oyster if you can get blank card taro
cloth algae's rune like cancel my
appointments for later this afternoon I
don't have a point nobody wants to meet
with me on a Friday no less now spend
one penny to go to our item room and
then we're out of this floor though okay
I'll tell you what I'll use Data Miner
once and there you go we got a speed
upgrading the shot speed downgrade and
that's fine it's actually completely
okay but it's I still die will never be
a data miner fan somebody sent a fan
mail and I can't tell if it was
satirical it's not like it was offensive
at all but they sent me fan mail and
they're like you know you've got to
embrace that a minor as a good item nah
son I don't that's that's where you're
wrong I think can be a good item in our
present situation but when I what I mean
it can be a good item
I mean basically if the if the variants
gods are on your side absolutely but if
they're not on your side I think you're
likely to end up in despair that's not
true for every item I know you're going
to say well it's Rasmus is on your side
then your your any item could be good or
bad no no no but like a damage upgrade
is is a constant you know it's a scalar
value
Data Miner is is throwing you're
throwing your life away here kidney
stone by the way I realized we've got
two items that maybe some people like it
some people dislike but can be conceived
as like zany showing up all at once here
and I'm going I don't really want tank
it I don't want to take kidney stone I
have a good reason not to take kidney
stone kidney stone has betrayed me I've
used to like it I used to think sure
sometimes it stops you from shooting but
then you unleash all your shots at once
and it's kind of nice
instead kidney stone now comes with a
speed downgrade it's like some art of
the deal stuff that I have no tolerance
for like we had a good working
relationship and then all of a sudden
kidney stone is like bone so now I've
got you right where I want you I'm also
gonna slow you down how do you feel
about that so I'm taking a personal
stand against kidney stone because it's
trying to I forget there's like in my
first year of university I think a
psychology class where they talked about
like common sales techniques I think
this is called a a lowball camera give
me a second let me Google what I think
it is just to make sure that it's
correct no that's not that's not what it
is anyway
I've forgotten what it means but it's
like a sales technique where you know
you shake and make you're buying a
fridge or something you shake hands a
car is a much better example you're at
the dealership and they you know you're
negotiating with one another and you go
and really like that price would be nice
but at that price I'm going to need you
to throw in leather seats and the the
car salesman you're talking to is like
you know what let's shake on it I can't
guarantee it yet but I think that deals
going to be doable and then you come the
code gives you a call and he goes hey
come on over to the dealership we can
get the papers signed and you're all
happy and then you get there and he goes
by the way we couldn't make that leather
seats thing happen well the well the pen
is in your hand and the contracts in
front of you you know he's made it so
frictionless for you to sign the deal
that has changed the terms of it and he
thinks that your inertia is just going
to lead to you signing it
that's what kidney stone is doing to us
right now you know we had a deal in
place you're going to be weird but
occasionally half-decent and as a result
I'm not going to plan see you which is
when I slander you with my propaganda
instead it goes oh by the way you know
how you used to have like decent speed
when you picked me up yeah we're gonna
have to take that off too - sorry you
know dealer invoice pricing just isn't
gonna be possible this year because of
the recession you know how it is you're
a big shot so you know you that's how
it's gonna be and then you know what
that's not how it's going to be I'm
taking a stand I think I don't know how
many of these episodes recently have
been like this is how Millennials think
but it's mostly because I you know we're
all adults now when I was 18 my fellow
Millennials were like you know between
the ages of 12 and 18 so hard to have a
conversation you'd be like hey how do
you feel about social anxiety and maybe
like I really like Naruto and I'd be
like okay I'll check back on you in 2017
so there's anything wrong with Naruto I
don't even know if that's how it's
pronounced but I know when I say Naruto
everybody laughs to me it's like the
inverse of how things work in the real
world we talk about anime but anyway I
digress so the point is Naruto or know
Naruto Naruto or Naruto or tuomo roots
ooh former Chicago Blackhawks right
winger I support you I don't understand
salesmanship what is it you walk into a
clothing store at some places I get if
you walk into a car dealership you're
not just gonna like oh that's good stuff
you're just going to walk into a car
dealership and go to the front desk of
it I will take one Ford Focus please
with you I get extra leather in that
like that's just not conceivable however
are you walking to like a clothing store
and they go hey you guys need me help
yeah I'm looking for clothes do you have
any like I'm I can use my eyes I'm aware
of the situation in this establishment
one type just actually happened and
you're going to think that this okay I
had a little inkling that I was going to
get a Skype message but you're going to
think that this is not something that's
happened you know and that's I'm not
again suggesting I'm a comedian
necessarily what I will I'm gonna die
I'm just gonna die in here
I took damage and as a result I can't
escape is it because I went over the
spikes I've got it I've got to re-roll
my run I'm probably still gonna die what
so your boy NL had a knurled
disengagement of some sort and thought
that he was on a curse room when in
actuality he was not on a curse room you
can see the conundrum now we no longer
have holy mantle and this presents a
problem
see this how's this looking pretty bad
we got we got to get something good as
quickly as possible this almost seems
appropriate we have Beelzebub right off
the bed we don't have holy mantle so
this is an old-school Las Tron now
anyway you're gonna think a story is
fake because this often times story
start will I was walking down the street
last week and it never happen it's just
a pretense for the bit but every other
time I've been to a clothing store when
they go hey do you need help with
something I have said no I'm just
browsing thanks because I'm an adult
who's capable this is not that good I'm
an adult who's capable of clothing
shopping for himself please tell me
that's not if attack this is also not
very good but I mean we're a slave to
the run at this point one time I went
clothing shopping by myself I'm not
really lie was that Old Navy or
something but keep in mind I was 10
years ago so the preppy style was in man
anyway it was more than 10 years ago
actually at this point probably I went
to I went to Old Navy
and I had picked out like a shirt or
something and the sales clerk came over
and today can I help you with anything
and I was like yeah can you let me know
what do you think would go well with
this shirt and she just went like uh-uh
I mean I don't really know
so like the gist of it was like I
actually to this day don't understand
maybe I just got a bad dice roll I'm not
trying to throw a shade at that sales
consultant necessarily but I if not for
that question I don't understand the
purpose of people asking you that at a
clothing store unless you're like do you
have pants and then I get out of pants
or in the pant style and you're oh all
right of course Oh silly me right I
don't know what I'm trying to do here I
guess we should open these and a hope
that we get nine lives or something but
like the one time I was like I'm gonna
I'm gonna ask a genuine question because
I'm not sure I was like you know what
would go with this eight dollar t-shirt
and she was just like she had no
valuable information to present to me
and as a result I've been forever jaded
on the on the clothing store sales
associate the shuffle more or less I
can't afford to take this because it
could be paralysis now I'm imagining in
my in my advanced adolescence here I'm
imagining I probably just got a bad dice
roll on a sales associate and I'm given
the rest a bad name that's not my
intention my intention is just to divine
what what an actual normal interaction
in this situation would be we're still
reroll in by the way even though this
run is good because we need we need to
be so strong that we can't be stopped or
we need to like we need to get dark
Judas and then die basically this is not
good
we need something that we can respawn
with and we do not have that at the
present moment
oh no no kidding there's a secret room
there I never would have expected that
who would have thought all this a 1-up
so one up is actually very huge because
of curse of the unknown
I can't tell or I won't be able to tell
if we get to keep the one up if we die
for sorry not if we die but if we reroll
I'm unsure like I've for one I
understand at least on a broad level the
implications of automation it's a very
scary thing and you might not appreciate
that necessarily if you're if you're on
the younger side like you know you're
like 14 or 15 right now you're like
automation is a hundred percent good how
could it not be you get faster service
you get better service sure people lose
their jobs but like you know get with
the time is grandpa it's all well and
good with your 14 I mean and sincerely
it's probably all well and good when
you're 28 as well so I feel you on that
one but you got to think like if you're
a 58 year old truck driver you know you
got a job driving trucks 37 years ago or
something like that and you're like I'm
just gonna here's the contract planet
Earth I'll do this job it's not
glamorous but it's got its got some
perks it's got some negatives I'll do
this job until I'm like 65 then I'll
retire I'll live modestly and that'll be
fine and instead now we're like we're
gonna replace like the whole industry
with self-driving cars very scary you're
like I've got a I've got a mortgage you
know my I've got to help my kids get
through college because you know they
the Lord knows they can't get a job
these days either thanks to automation
I'm just I'm not saying automation it's
a bad thing just as scary you know what
if you're if you're like an
undereducated
50 or something man or woman and you
work it like a fast-food restaurant your
jobs are being phased out by kiosks or
something like that is it a sign of the
times
yeah like definitely you know we
progress is is
porns you know we're not all using the
horses and buggies anymore and we can
mostly agree that that's probably a good
thing but it was very disruptive to the
furrier industry I'm sure you know the
horse shoe salesman horse cobblers
please be algae's pair throw is also
potentially pretty valuable
we need the reroll though but you can
see how to be scary but like I for one
am basically all for it because I
selfishly it's going to be hard to
replace YouTube with automation you know
I I think I've benefit from having a
very unique not necessarily good but
very unique set of neural misfires that
oh it's got to be done nine lives we are
so much more well-equipped now wow we
got a range of great amazing we can't
reroll this anymore well we might keep
nine lives now that I think about it but
we don't have crispity unknown either
that's just how the loft is right yeah
okay so good one um you know I think I
have a unique brain that's going to be
hard to emulate in a robotic level but
the spectre may come for me eventually
the idea being that once we can make
robots that can eventually make better
robots you know I'm get out of here get
that trash out of here once you can make
robots that can make better robots you
know computer programmers they're like
we're kind of done unless you need as
they hit the off switch oh and just a
dystopian robot just set that flag to
false so we do get to keep our our
respond ability here which is nice on
the reroll so now we can just play as if
we have the v4 in nine lines and not the
lost and we can try to re-roll into a
run that's amazing
which hopefully hits before we find
ourselves being like super flip and dead
because we're having some problems here
in case you haven't noticed not that I'm
a professionally employed computer
programmer you know I'm putting in the
time right now is what I'm saying
okay done this room is so not worth it
if you can't get hit at all what are you
thinking here you might think what
happened you just thought you were doing
fine you didn't take any damage and then
you've come down here and you've lost so
many lives to enemies that are not that
hard yeah well our full run reroll took
something away from every single stat
gave me curse died and reduce my speed
by like 60% so I'm dealing with a little
bit of an adjustment period here like
wake up by the Arcade Fire you know I'm
trying the problem is I don't know this
is good to say but the problem I have an
automation now is that there's still
like a human element at some point like
all the McDonald's near here have the
kiosks so that you can order manually on
the kiosk or to automatically I should
say on the kiosk you you make your order
and then great items by the way you make
your order and then the order when
you're done and it's paid for gets sent
to the kitchen and then humans make your
food and present it to you there's still
an element of human error if you enter
the order improperly of course that can
Institute some error but I don't know
what you do about that but the other one
is the people who read the order off the
screen could end up making a mistake
like and this is not a revelation
anybody and nor is it a damnation of the
service industry I hate when people go I
went to McDonald's and I ordered
barbecue sauce but they gave me
sweet-and-sour I ate those idiots you
know there's people trying to make
trying to make it work you know they're
working a 12-hour day at McDonald's
they're not they don't have it out for
you they don't have like an anti
barbecue sauce agenda all right they
made a mistake it happens but like three
weeks ago Kate was like hey can you pick
up some food for McDonald's on your way
home and I was like yeah well you
haven't you still have a ten-piece meal
oh but 10-piece chicken McNuggets Rhys
and you know a drink it doesn't matter
with a drink
this context and I said you know what
that sounds good all the same thing so I
placed the order it was two identical
meals and then I picked up the bag and I
got in my car and I went home and then
when I got home they had provided only
one meal and I completely on a human
level understand how that could happen
because there was literally no
difference between the orders you go oh
my lord I just okay we have a charge
just reroll it dude
plus 40 damage if a CAC if a CAC scary
but also good because there's literally
no difference between the order what
what let me offer my hypothesis for what
happened there no I don't have one I
don't I don't have one
what is shooting I'm not shooting
there's like an invisible boy behind me
who's shooting
I need to reroll this ASAP like when I
shoot the shot comes from like an
incubus at the back of the screen or
something oh because we have monstros
long we must also have like a face
reward or something like that
this is horrible this reroll cannot come
soon enough I think we may also have
kidney stone but I'm unsure
yeah this is this is scary dude who
might be on like three lives it's kind
of a weird way to squander a run but I
mean have you seen it been - both item
rooms they were both basically worthless
the shop is important we can get another
reroll in there and obviously like case
you haven't noticed this probably isn't
like the run that I want to stick with
right here we have four point five
damage if we shoot once every forty five
years anyway the point is from the
McDonald's story before I went excuse me
is an understandable order to make
because the orders that I presented
where it was two of the exact same thing
so I guess you know it's somewhat easier
to understand how they could perceive
that as being only one order and it's on
me
I should have checked it when I was in
the restaurant but I was in a hurry and
I use the term restaurant loosely but
also as the term of endearment and I
left without doing my due diligence and
as a result you know there's an element
of buyer beware there for certain but at
the same time I was like when the robots
read the orders and prepare the food
that's not going to happen and I don't
take that as an indictment of the people
who work in this food service industry I
take it as an indictment of humankind in
general we're error-prone creatures I
wish I wish we weren't but we you know
we lose focus even the best baseball
players make like an error a season
basically even if it is such a
noteworthy thing that it's like it has
its own spot on the scoreboard like
that's the thing
it's there's nothing you could do about
it it's just the way we is what a
strange way to phrase that it was
perthro okay
I I think we will lose this run Oh Bob
is building an army sweet we got the Bob
transformation everybody nobody fear we
got them all good and we're stopping on
marks exquisite
well judgment I don't know what you've
got for me this this run is absolutely
mind flooded me past the point of like
sensibility I don't understand what's
happening here I wish I could see how
many lives we have we do still have the
cat head so we've got at least two of
course HP this is halitosis to sue so
Lucas is Shannon and then and then I
don't know we live in interesting times
I guess is what I'm saying from that
perspective but I feel for you like
sincerely I'm definitely not like a
progress Trump's everything sort of dude
so if you would you know lived your
whole life as a truck sure especially if
you're like you know you're even 58 was
not a good example because maybe you
could just run it out
you know it might be some time before
self-driving cars hit that level of
zeitgeist and you can still be there and
that's that's fine there's nothing wrong
with that at all but you know if you're
like 39 and self-driving you're like
okay I see the writing on the wall
within 30 years like my jobs not going
to exist then yes I mean it's easy if
you're very young you can say like oh
you know just go back to school and get
reeducate another field that's not a
easy once you have some inertia in your
life you know once you got people
relying on you and you know maybe you
got kids you got bills etc etc it's not
anybody's fault necessarily but it's a I
have sympathy for that it's remarkably
real for an Isaac episode right now by
the way I love booger tears but I'm not
convinced that this run has what it
takes
with his present setup to make the dream
work and I'm not talking about the
studio that brought you ants b-movie and
Shrek
yes that's DreamWorks correct which I
believe means teamworks
is involved in some located that's bad
joke we really have stompy Isaac's heart
well Hanson that's an interesting
situation what would you do here
we've lost our cat head this is our last
life I think we try to beat mom's heart
why is this dangerous by the way we have
fruitcake we're firing infinity shots
per second I tried I genuinely we're
back okay we're dark Judas what what
it's a miracle but also like still
pretty bad soy milk fruitcake
is is just god-awful if I mean Isaac's
heart is not helping anybody but soy
milk fruitcake dude this is kind of my
own personal hell please pop up you're
not touching the fire right now
pardon me spirit arts please okay we got
one spirit hour why am I doing this room
even though it's probably likely to be
harder than the other rooms because it's
going to give me three charges for doing
it so it's the fastest way for us to get
this run under control what's sad is
that the damage output from this is
actually really good if we could just
get immunity to explosions I would be
loving life but that's a great example
of why despite the rose-colored glasses
I have on we can't make this run like
work for us consistently nor can we make
this run work for us consistently so
basically he darned if you do darned if
you don't man we have no shot speed is
what it seems like here so I mean we
have infestation too which is incredible
but we have like no shot speed we were
and we got scatter bombs so we really
just like dump these bombs and then run
for your life
it's really good until it isn't
we had the reroll basically otherwise we
would have been dead so I don't love
that I rear old there because that run
had some good stuff going for it but
we're in full like d4 is the only way
forward right now sort of mode this is a
very very strange episode we died to a
room that I've come to hate vilified the
working class I hope that's not the way
that that came across it's not my
intention at all but no we I don't think
it came across like that anyway we get
another dark Judas what's our what's our
respawn right now can you come back as
dark Judas twice and get the damage
bonus twice I doubt it so we might as
well respawn like we might as well not
rear old this run is okay
if we could do this like not reroll the
whole run yet respawn as blue baby or
dodo my see it right there it's Lazar
eggs mmm then the problem is to be
reroll into Lazar eggs on the next room
we're going to Ord like after we die we
could get no HP and hate it so let's
reroll again we still have one life this
seems good it's like actual good damage
ten damage with a five rate of fire it's
perfect it's all I've ever wanted it's
all I ever needed yeah so tell me what
to do now loser how close are we to to
make in the guppy dream hey we should
have stuck with the paw doesn't really
matter I want to keep the D for just in
case but we're only one item away from
making the guppy dream work I think so
there is a chance there we use nine
lives on like two floors that is
hilarious the run was garbage by we
rolled into so many bad runs in a row
but now it's all coming up you know
roses for us mm-hmm roses might be a
little bit of an exaggeration but get
the idea
we don't need money we actually can't
make the hush fight all the runs I've
done today have had like no chance at
boss rush in no chance at hush not
complaining because they've been
interesting more interesting than just
your standard steamroll anyway but I do
I'm I'm envious of a of the former time
when it seemed like every single run
could make boss rush
it's that TNT room man I ain't it built
like an Isaac mod that just allows you
to practice that room over and over at
which point I will destroy my own
enjoyment of this game and that would be
that I suppose maybe we just focus on
the fact that you still like the game
after all these years and you had a
choice of things to play today you chose
to play ice it says a lot we also have
the wafer right now we took half damage
from that at least is what it seemed
like to me we got a deal make me Duffy
oh it didn't make me gummy but Incubus
is also like really good so yeah this is
going to be solid let's take what makes
you larger if you get enough of those or
if you get enough size upgrades it gives
you stompy weirdly enough but I don't
think that's good but I do think it's
weird so I'm for it I'm very Pro
weirdness in this situation you know
harmless weirdness like dressing up like
you're from the eighteen hundred's some
kind of weirdo I use weirdo as a term of
endearment sincerely I'm a little weird
28 years old and my job requires me to
sit requires is a negative word here my
job allows me to sit inside play video
games and crank jokes to myself for
hours and hours a day I basically get
paid to talk to myself
that kind of career is existed for a
while I suppose like it's radio DJ and
stuff like that but it's a little
different because sometimes they get
calls
can you play Miami by Will Smith
apparently it's all a sham at least on a
lot of like larger radio stations like
they already have the programming that
they're gonna play which is set by like
some higher up and then they will only
play your request on the radio like
they'll play like you calling and being
like could you play Miami by Will Smith
if they were already going to play Miami
and then it makes them look good right
I'm not trying to be like oh you know
wake up sheeple it does make sense you
know it engenders a little bit of public
good support if you're like they did you
get the impression that you're playing
user-submitted request but really you're
just like I was going to play it anyway
but now it looks sweet so I don't know
I'm still like 75 25 we're going to win
here that should be bookworm
it is bookworm and shielded tears do we
have piercing shots in any way we're
about to find out I suppose no but it's
good but I'm gonna re-roll anyway
because I can't be stopped
weary rolled into spider baby I there's
a spider baby transformation am I losing
my mind by the way this reroll was
amazing for many reasons the static tear
combination is what's giving me life
right now but I'm also kind of stunned
is there another transformation I was
completely unaware of or am I actually
just forgetting that spider baby was
like a real thing that I've never known
I know spider baby spider baby is an
item like look at what is that spider
thing walking around here it's not
spider Maude it's not sissy longlegs
it's like it's got the spider baby
hanging out here
I have no idea so much to do so much to
see apparently still in this day and age
so I reroll my amazing run with like
half a second left please don't make me
go to the void floor next event dude
strange run but hey thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed it that's technically a
lost win that is technically a Lazarus
Rin or wind I don't know
it doesn't matter of stretch and thanks
for watching hope you guys have enjoyed
the episode if you did click the like
button l set a great deal of course
subscribe go and see more in the future
but for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time